[Jobs] Add option to specify `max_restarts_on_errors` (#4169)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/examples/managed-jobs.rst

In this example, SkyPilot will perform cost optimizations to select the resource to use, which almost certainly
will be spot instances. If spot instances are not available, SkyPilot will fall back to launch on-demand instances.

Jobs Restarts on User Code Failure
-----------------------------------

By default, SkyPilot will try to recover a job when its underlying cluster is preempted or failed. Any user code failures (non-zero exit codes) are not auto-recovered.

In some cases, you may want a job to automatically restart on its own failures, e.g., when a training job crashes due to a Nvidia driver issue or NCCL timeouts. To specify this, you
can further set :code:`max_restarts_on_failure` in :code:`resources.job_recovery` in the job YAML file.

.. code-block:: yaml

  resources:
    accelerators: A100:8
    job_recovery:
      # Restart the job up to 3 times on user code failure.

>       max_restarts_on_failure: 3

Reviewer: I'm slightly confused by the naming. Just looking at `max_restarts_on_failure` makes me think it also applies to spot instance failure (does it apply? or are spot instance failure max restarts infinite?).

Perhaps a clearer way would be to have two distinct fields like so:
```
  resources:
    accelerators: A100:8
    job_recovery:
      restart_on_job_errors: bool
      max_restarts_on_failure: int, defaults to infinite
```

wdyt? cc @concretevitamin

Author: How about `max_restarts_on_user_failure`? I found having two fields a bit verbose. Wdyt?

Reviewer: Hmm I think two fields is clearer and clarifies the intent. Not feeling too strongly though. 

If we do decide on having a single field, how about `max_restarts_on_job_errors`?

Author: Discussed offline, we will use `max_restarts_on_errors`

In this example, SkyPilot will perform cost optimizations to select the resource to use, which almost certainly
will be spot instances. If spot instances are not available, SkyPilot will fall back to launch on-demand instances.

Advanced Strategies for Recovery
---------------------------------

Recovery on User Code Crash/Failure

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: How about keep this simple in 1 section (along with L304)? Maybe "Job Restarts on User Code Failure"?

By default, SkyPilot will try to recover the job when the cluster is preempted or failed. In some cases, you may want to

> retry the job on it's own failure, e.g., when a training job crashes due to a Nvidia driver issue. To specify this, you

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
retry the job on its own failure, e.g., when a training job crashes due to a Nvidia driver issue or NCCL timeouts. To specify this, you
```

> By default, SkyPilot will try to recover the job when the cluster is preempted or failed. In some cases, you may want to
> retry the job on its own failure, e.g., when a training job crashes due to a Nvidia driver issue or NCCL timeouts. To specify this, you
> can further set :code:`max_retry_on_failure` in :code:`resources.job_recovery` in the job YAML file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, SkyPilot will try to recover a job when its underlying cluster is preempted or failed. Any user code failures (non-zero exit codes) are not auto-recovered.

In some cases, you may want a job to automatically restart on its own failures, e.g., when a training job crashes due to a Nvidia driver issue or NCCL timeouts. To specify this, you
can further set :code:`max_retry_on_failure` in :code:`resources.job_recovery` in the job YAML file.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

  resources:
    accelerators: A100:8
    job_recovery:

>       max_retry_on_failure: 3

Reviewer 2: Update name?

"Restart up to this many times on user code failures."
